Previously on Nashville...
Are you saying she's
not gonna recognize us?
Do you know who the
people in the hallway are?
Were you drunk last
night when you asked me?
When I asked you what?
Rayna!
Thank you all for coming
out here for Rayna.
Thank you. God bless you.
No, man!
You get off me! You
get the hell outta here!
You got a signed record deal.
Rayna's gonna be just fine.
I asked Deacon if he was really my dad,
and then he got drunk
and almost killed my mom.
- Is your hand any better?
- Oh, yeah, it's great.
Listen to me. You quit coming here!
Ladies and gentlemen, please
welcome Juliette Barnes!
Thank you! Hey, y'all!
How are you?
Thank you.
Hi!
- My God, you look amazing.
- Thank you.
- You look fanta...
- Oh! I like it.
Give you one of those.
Congratulations.
You won C.M.A. Female
vocalist of the year...
Just narrowly edging me out.
I thought I had that.
I think you should have won.
And also, this fantastic new album,
"inside the dream,"
is doing so well.
I'm gonna hire you a driver.
- I want you to take it easy.
- After four weeks in a hospital bed,
- I think I might walk for a while.
- Hey.
Thank you so much for
taking care of everything.
- You bet. I am so glad you're home.
- Me, too.
I'm gonna be staying here
until you're back to a hundred percent.
Well, you don't have to do that.
You know, I don't want this
to be an inconvenience for you.
- My family is not an inconvenience.
- Mom!
- Mom, you're home.
- Oh, my baby girl.
- I missed you so much.
This shot is from two weeks ago
when you held a vigil for
our good friend Rayna Jaymes.
Uh, we wish her a speedy recovery.
We do.
The big news, I guess, we heard that
Rayna got out of the
hospital today, is that right?
That is correct.
I don't think she could
wait to buy my album.
Right, that was the motivation.
- It was. I believe it.
- Yes, that was the sole... All right.
Well, I can't wait to buy your album,
even though I already have a copy.
- That's what a fan I am.
- I want two.
All right, and I understand
you're gonna stick around
- and sing a song for us?
- I would love to.
Very nice. We'll be right back.
- Juliette Barnes in just a second.
- Stick around.
Do you see how Maddie iced me?
Mm-hmm.
She's got a lot of
questions about everything.
- I know. I wish I had the answers.
- Do you have the answers for yourself?
I just remember sitting in that house
after mom died and... Just feeling so lost.
I can't believe I almost
did that to my own daughters
because of him.
Are you gonna talk to him?
I don't know if I'll
ever talk to him again.
- 13 appearances in 2 weeks.
- Tip of the iceberg.
We got records to sell, man.
You know, she seems to like you.
- Hey, great show.
- Yeah, if your definition of "great"
is talking about Rayna the entire time.
I mean, am I ever gonna
be able to do an interview
without having to talk about her?
Shut up!
I didn't... say anything.
I can hear you thinking
from all the way over here.
Hey!
Hey! Look at you. You're home.
- You're not wearing hospital clothes.
- I made it.
I'm not dead.
Mm. You're okay. Yeah.
Uh, sit down. Fill me in.
Tell me what I've been missing.
- Uh, well...
- I can't believe they sold Edgehill.
- Right. Yeah. Marshall
got fired... - Uh-huh.
To the tune of $3 million.
- Oh, fire me for $3 million, please.
- Yeah, right. Um...
New guy's name is Jeff Fordham.
Never heard of him. Is he a creative guy?
No, he's the opposite.
- He's a Harvard MBA Bean counter.
- Oh, man.
Heads are rollin'.
He's meetin' with every single
artist at the label this week.
But we don't have to do that for you yet.
- We don't have to do that til you're ready.
- Yes, we do.
Yes, we do. Are you kidding me?
I know what happens when
these guys get in there.
We gotta get in there... Stand our ground.
Are you sure you're up to it?
I mean, should you even
be talking right now?
Didn't you have an intubation?
You gotta protect your voice, right?
Yeah, but I also gotta protect Highway 65.
We worked so hard to get that goin'.
I gotta protect my label.
Let's get Scarlett and Will,
make it a family affair.
- Mornin'.
- Hey.
- Oh, thank you.
- Sorry, uh...
I didn't want to disturb you.
I was just dropping off the
last of your small stuff.
Oh. Zoey's gonna come by the house and, uh,
pick up the furniture in
the carport and the couch.
- The couch kinda got, uh...
-  Damaged.
- Like, torn, or...
- Torched.
Uh, this should cover it.
Um...
How are you?
Fine, I guess.
Jeannie's all over me to get
some new songs turned in. And...
The melodies are coming fine,
but I've been a little
stuck with the lyrics lately.
I don't suppose you wanna
get together this week and
throw some ideas around,
maybe... knock something out?
I'm not sure it's the best idea right now.
Yeah, you're right. It's a terrible idea.
No...
I have to go. Um, thank
you, and have a lovely day.
Yeah, uh, I-I'm busy. I
gotta... I gotta go, too. Busy.
Well, it's good to finally see someone
young and interesting in this office.
Well, you guys have been
very welcoming to me.
You're in Nashville. Now
you gotta say, "y'all."
Y'all.
Unfortunately, it seems
the public hasn't been
as welcoming of your latest effort.
Your album's been sliding on iTunes,
and your single hasn't
made it to number one.
The tweens are not showing up on this one.
Her audience is growing up with her.
I'm moving toward a...
New, more mature sound.
You know, the bubblegum and glitter
just aren't things I care about anymore.
Well, I do.
They move records.
Either way, your album's getting outsold
by "the best of Rayna Jaymes."
So even your "mature sound"
isn't winning mature audiences.
Would you like for me to go have
my own near-death experience?
Look...
You chose to walk down
this more mature path.
You'll figure something out.
Now I'm having a little get-together
at my place the night after tomorrow.
Just artists, no press.
I hope you can make it.
It was really, really nice to meet you.
I'm a big fan.
Hey, Scarlett.
Oh, my God.
Oh.
I'm so glad you're all right.
Me, too.
I can't believe they're making
you do this today, though.
You know what? They're not. I insisted.
No time like the present.
Uh, on that note, um...
I'm staying with Deacon at the moment.
And I know you guys aren't really talking.
I still don't know what happened...
Why he fell off the wagon.
I just wanted to ask you if it was weird...
You and I working together
while I'm living with him.
I don't wanna make you
uncomfortable in any way.
Listen, in Nashville,
if everybody who had a
complicated relationship
stopped working together, we
would never get a thing done.
- Okay. We're good.
- Ladies, hello. Ah!
There he is... The
other half of Highway 65.
There is no way you just
got out of the hospital
and you look this beautiful.
You can save that charm
for the man upstairs.
Rayna.
- Hey.
Uh, wow. Um...
I thought you'd be at home
just laying low, takin' care of yourself.
Can't keep me down.
Hey, I saw those pictures
of that prayer vigil you did.
Thank you.
Well, I'm glad it worked.
Me, too.
Hey.
- How's the new guy?
- He's an ass.
Ms. Jaymes.
- Hey.
- Ah, it's a real pleasure.
I've been looking forward
to meeting the woman
who built Edgehill.
- Thank you. I appreciate that.
- Yeah.
And I'm not sure that
you have met my manager...
- Bucky Dawes.
- Hey, Bucky.
- Nice to meet you.
And the first 2 artists
of Highway 65 Records...
Scarlett o'Connor and Will Lexington.
Pleased to meet you.
- Nice dress.
-  Hey.
- Welcome to Nashville.
- Thank you, man.
So...
Now between your demos and the fact that
Ms. Jaymes' catalog is
selling like wildfire,
this... this was the meeting
that I was most excited to have.
We launched Highway 65
at the Opry last month,
and, uh, we had just gotten
into budgets with Marshall.
Yeah, he was being none too generous.
Uh, well, that's because, respectfully,
he didn't know how to grow a business.
I'm all for investing
in what you believe in.
Okay? And I feel like I am looking
at the future of Edgehill right now.
Ms. Jaymes, I-I know
what you've been through.
And I want you to get healthy. Get strong.
I got your back.
- You want some dinner?
- No.
I don't want you cooking for me either.
I ain't cooking. I just
think you should eat.
You know, you need to get off
my back a little bit, all right?
- Can you do that?
- Juliette made an appointment
for you to see the specialist tomorrow.
God...
Damn it, Scarlett. My hand will
heal when my hand heals, okay?
You tell her I'm not goin'.
Are you angry at me for working with Rayna?
What?
Well, she said it
doesn't bother her, but...
Somethin' sure is bothering you about me.
No.
No, Scarlett.
There ain't nothin'
about you that bothers me.
I'm sorry. You...
Your career's taking
off. That is a good thing.
It makes me happy. It makes me proud.
And you're doing it with
Rayna. That's good, too.
It's all good. You know? It's just...
What?
The art of this... You
get that part, you know?
You get it. That part... That's beautiful.
But this business... It can eat you alive.
I just want you to be careful.
♪ Burnin' up the ground
♪ as they're fallin'
♪ tears so strong
♪ what went wrong
♪ what's done is done ♪ ah
♪ I'm feeling every one
as they're fallin' ♪
♪ ah
♪ tears so strong
♪ can't hold on
♪ until the kingdom comes
♪ I'm countin' every
one as they're fallin'
♪ I'll never see her again
♪ or breathe her fire
♪ if only she could dry
♪ these tears of mine
♪
yeah-hey-hey
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You the man! You the man, Will!
Will...
Great show, man.
Wow. Thanks.
Jeff, I just can't believe you're here.
You are the future of country music.
Well, I can't tell you how
glad I am to hear you say that.
I mean, I-I'm really excited
to work with Edgehill and Highway 65.
Hey... give us a minute, all right?
Sure.
Here you go.
See, here's the thing, Will...
You haven't signed your contract yet
with Highway 65.
You say the word... We start over.
We build you a new deal with the big dog...
Edgehill itself.
We will set you up with
a national radio tour,
priority status, tour support,
all of our resources
and a full-court press.
I still get to work with Rayna?
No.
Rayna's label is like the farm team,
and I'm inviting you to the majors.
You want to play?
Synced and corrected by
Nantinha ~ www.addic7ed.com ~
- Can we have a little chat?
-  I think I'm good.
I'd really love to just, uh...
I'd love to know what's on your mind.
Hmm, I don't know.
Maybe... what happens now?
Well, I don't know.
Let's figure it out together.
Am I supposed to treat
Deacon like another dad?
Do I split my time between
you, daddy, and Deacon?
Or am I just supposed to pretend
like I don't know about Deacon
and act like everything's
the way it used to be?
What about Daphne?
Honey, I know all this is so confusing...
I'm not confused.
My mom's a liar,
my biological dad's an alcoholic,
my dad isn't even my dad.
What's confusing about that?
I'm really sorry you
see it that way, honey.
Yeah, this was a great talk.
For God sake, give me
a different photographer
'cause I have to have
pictures I can actually use.
What the hell are you doing here, man?
- Are you stalkin' me, Brent?
- Relax, would you?
I'm here with my boss. Your boss?
- I was trying...
- I see you met Brent.
Yeah. He's my marketing and P.R. Guy.
It took some convincing to
get him out here from L.A.,
but I can be pretty
persuasive when I wanna be.
Y'all are gonna make a great team.
Good night.
Welcome aboard, sir.
I'll take that for you.
- Where's the gig?
- No gig.
Headin' down to Alabama for the day.
What's in Alabama?
New head of the label's
trying to prove he's got balls
by bustin' mine,
which I'm not gonna let happen.
He basically suggested
that I fake my own death to boost sales.
I came up with a better idea... Alabama.
- I don't get it.
- Well...
I've had a CMT Special
on the books for a while
to promote the album.
And they decided they were willing
to take a little trip for me.
So considering I don't
feel like dying today,
I figured I'd give them
the next best thing...
A little look at where I come from.
So if there's no gig, what am I doing here?
Don't read too much into it.
I got some ideas for new songs,
and we'll be working on this flight.
- Hi.
- Hey.
Can I get you anything? Water, tea,
whiskey?
You gonna help me break the rules now?
Uh, you know me... Mr. rebellious.
Oh, I know. I know.
Hey, thank you.
I know neither one of us
ever expected to be here.
- But...
- Yeah.
Look, we have raised some
amazing girls together.
And I am always gonna be there for them...
And you.
Rayna? Oh...
Sorry.
Oh, no, it's good. Buck's here.
He's gonna help me get through
all this contract stuff.
I want to try to get
a handle on this today.
Well, you're probably gonna need to.
'Cause, uh, I just found out that Jeff...
Is trying to poach will.
- What?
- Yeah, he went to his show last night,
basically suggested he ditch Highway 65.
Are you kiddin' me?
Mnh-mnh.
What the hell's that?
That has been there since the accident.
Unless they moved it,
the store's back that way.
I know.
And yet you won't turn around, huh?
We're not going to the grocery store.
- We're not going to the grocery store.
- You have a doctor's appointment.
I told you I wasn't going to the doctor's.
- All right? - Yeah,
but y-you were wrong.
- I was wrong?
- Mm.
- Oh... Scarlett, stop the car.
- Nope.
Scarlett, I'm not jokin' around.
Shut up!
I know you don't want to go.
I know you're afraid of what
they're gonna say about your
hand, but were going anyway,
all right? So just... sit there.
Home sweet home.
You okay?
Yeah, I'm fine.
Hey, y'all! How are ya?
- Hi, Juliette.
-  Katie, good to see you.
John Hamlin. Nice to meet you.
♪ When I want a beer
♪ I grab one that's near
That sucks.
♪ When I want a beer
♪ Go get me one... dear
- That also sucks.
- You writin' a song, or a...
Jingle for a commercial?
You're funny.
It's 4:00 P.M. you just gettin' up?
Yeah, I couldn't sleep last night.
Jeff Fordham came to my gig.
He wants me to ditch
Highway 65 for Edgehill,
but I don't know. I...
There's this guy Brent I
used to know in Austin...
Look, man, I'm not the guy to help you
with your high-class problem
of which record label
to sign with right now.
I am trying to write a
song that doesn't suck
so Jeannie doesn't kill my publishing deal.
Okay, well, it's not my fault
you're banging your head up
against your writer's block...
- Hoping it'll crumble.
- It's not my fault you're complaining about
being in a situation everybody
we know would kill to be in.
Hey, guys.
Door was open.
I'm just coming by to pick
up any unburnt furniture.
- Ms. Jaymes. Ms. Jaymes!
-  I don't... There's no numbers here.
Excuse me. Excuse me, gentlemen.
- Please, can I have a word with you?
- Yeah.
So was all that sweet talk yesterday
about, oh, you got my
back... All that business,
that was just so you
could cover up the fact
you were gonna poach my artist?
Look, I was just going
after a talented performer
- without a signed contract.
- Uh, I think my lawyer
would beg to differ with you about that.
Highway 65 and will
have a verbal agreement.
Well, my lawyers... plural...
Don't see it that way.
Look, Rayna, we don't have
to fight about this, okay?
Will can make his choice.
I am not forcing him.
Is this really how you
want to start with me?
Your fledgling label is not the right place
- for an artist with Will's potential.
- My fledgling label?
Yesterday, my fledgling label was
"the future of edgehill." No... no.
Let me clarify, okay?
I think that your back catalog
and will Lexington are
where I want my money.
My back catalog, not my new stuff.
Will Lexington, not Scarlett?
It's nothing personal.
I'm not letting you take will from me.
Okay. Best of luck.
You go ahead and keep that luck.
I make my own luck.
It's really brave of you to come home,
especially with everything
you've been through.
- We're ready, guys. Are you ready?
- Yeah.
All right. We have speed.
Anytime you're ready. Okay.
I'm here with Juliette
Barnes in Enterprise, Alabama,
where she lived until she was 15.
What's it like to come home?
Uh, its great, you know?
I get to reconnect with where I'm from.
Miss Carrie?
I can't believe you're still here.
Uh... uh, this is miss,
uh, Carrie Franklin.
She... she lived two trailers down from us.
So you knew Juliette Barnes
before she was "Juliette Barnes"?
Mm-hmm. She used to come
over to my house for hours,
and we'd make peanut butter cookies.
- Remember?
- Yeah, uh...
Carrie used to help when I was home alone.
I made you somethin'.
Those are all you.
That's really nice.
I followed you every step of the way.
Every step. Take it.
It's for you.
Thank you.
- Oh.
-  Okay.
Ladies, we're good. We're good. Thank you.
Thanks, Juliette and Miss Carrie.
Come on. Come with me.
Come over here.
That's a nice quilt.
You like it?
Keep it.
I want you to know, Rayna,
I didn't go looking for any of this.
Oh, I know.
This is a great opportunity
for you to really think about
what it is that you want.
And you can make that
decision for yourself.
How long you want to be doing this?
A year? Two years?
You want to have the kind of career
that's worthy of that stage right there?
And I get it. I know it's flattering
to have the head of a label tell you that
you're the future of country music.
Right?
But just remember, it's
just words coming from him.
He is a businessman, and I promise you...
The only thing he cares about
is what his research tells him
is gonna sell the most units this month.
Next month, it's gonna be
something or someone else
completely different.
I don't know you that well,
but I feel like we could
do something really special.
I feel like you really want it.
Yes, ma'am.
I want you to be at Highway 65 with me
so that I can protect you as an artist.
I want you to be able to
grow and find your voice
and really know who you are,
and I will always have your back.
You might wanna ask yourself
if you could say the same thing about Jeff.
Sorry about before with Will.
Oh, no, it seemed totally normal,
not at all like you were jealous.
But given what happened to you...
What?
Uh, your brother passing.
How'd you know about my brother?
Dude, I'm Scarlett's best friend.
I know that.
- All right, what else did she tell you?
- Um...
Pretty much everything.
Okay. Everything. Wow. Wow.
Including your writer's block.
What?
Look, this is weird, all right?
You know everything about me.
And I know that you're
a preacher's daughter.
How about you tell me
something about yourself,
- you know, even this up a little bit?
- We're not talking about me.
Look, I don't know anything about writing,
but you've got a broken heart.
What more do you need for a song?
Good rhyme for "beer."
Ah! "Souvenir"...
"Insincere"... "Persevere."
So he held your hand?
- Sort of.
- Like...
Sort of maybe this is...
Heading someplace sort of?
He's been very helpful.
- I appreciate
that. - Mm-hmm.
I mean, lord knows I need help right now.
I can't believe all the stuff
that's happening with Highway 65.
I might actually lose one of my artists.
My other artist just moved in with Deacon.
And I don't know when I'm
gonna be able to tour again.
Scarlett must moved in with Deacon?
Mm-hmm.
Did he tell her about Maddie?
No. Not yet. But, you know,
that's just a matter of time.
I mean...  Blood is thicker than water.
Well, you're at the point where
you could start physical therapy.
We'll have to monitor you closely
to make sure you don't reinjure the hand.
I'm not gonna lie to you. It'll be painful.
Well...  How long till my hand is normal?
- How long till I can play?
- I wanna be clear.
You suffered extensive damage
to your nerves and tendons.
You may never get back
to your version of normal.
And you just said, "may,"
so... with the therapy
there is a chance he
might could get better?
Well, yeah, but with injuries like these,
we never guarantee that he will get back
- his full range of motion...
- What do I gotta do
to make this thing stop
hurting me right now?
- If you're not gonna take the pain meds...
- I'm not.
We can immobilize it.
- Like a cast?
- Yes.
But the longer you put
off physical therapy,
we risk making the
temporary damage permanent.
Do it. Give me the cast.
No, hang on. You... You got to
at least try physical therapy.
I don't gotta do anything, all
right? I don't gotta do anything.
If there's any chance that
your hand could get better...
Look, we come here and get some answers...
Find out what the story is. Now we know.
My hand's not gonna be the same again.
Give me the cast, please.
Please don't punch me.
What do you want?
I-I know what you're afraid of.
I just wanna tell you
that you don't have to be.
- I get it.
- You get what?
You're an incredibly valuable asset
as the ladies' man that you are.
And I'm not an idiot.
Look, my boss thinks
you're the next big thing.
I'm not gonna be the guy who ruins that.
So if you could stop
jumping out of your skin
every time you that you see me,
I'd appreciate it.
What if I choose Rayna?
Whatever you decide.
You're just gonna have to trust me.
When we moved here,
my mama hated that it was stark white.
So...
We painted it this happy yellow.
My mom and dad let me pick the color.
You've never really
mentioned your father before.
Well, he was, uh,
part of something I locked away.
We moved here when I was 3.
He actually made this for me
for my 4th birthday...
Right before he passed away.
Yeah, when you're a kid, you just...
You don't see the bad. You just...
See a happy yellow house.
Can we cut, please?
Let's stop here.
Juliette, I'm so sorry.
I didn't know you'd lost your father, too.
Thank you.
Do you, uh...
You wanna talk about it?
I'm just trying to sell records.
Thank you... for coming.
It's almost like everybody
expected we were gonna die.
I gotta be honest,
sometimes it feels like I did.
I don't know if I'm gonna
be able to play anymore.
I don't know if the program's gonna work,
or...
I wasn't gonna call you.
I didn't want to.
I had no right.
It's just, I didn't know who else to call.
I don't want you to be the one. I just...
You always have been.
I can't.
We've been through this so many times,
and we've tried so hard, and...
We've just brought each
other so much grief.
And we didn't die here.
And I think that means
that maybe we have an opportunity
to go forward.
'Cause I don't think
we can save each other.
I think we each need to save ourselves now.
I always thought we
might need this someday.
- Good night, daddy.
- Lights out before 10:00, I mean it.
Mm. All right, I love you, kiddo.
- I love you, too.
- Don't stay up too late.
I won't, I won't.
Hey.
Girls just, uh, they just went up to bed.
You okay?
I think we should have a conversation.
I just don't think we should
be playing house anymore.
Playing house, what? I mean, we're...
- We're not playing house.
- Well, we kinda are.
And I think it's confusing to the girls.
- I think it's confusing to us.
- Yeah, but, look, you're still recovering.
I mean, you can't do all this on your own.
Tandy could come stay, help us out.
I know...
I know that we're not
getting back together.
I mean, I-I don't even really want that.
But...
I miss our family.
I really... Really miss our family.
And... and I just find it
hard to believe that you don't.
Oh, I do. Of course I do.
I just don't want us...
Spending the next six months
sharing this house, being
polite to each other,
not signing our divorce papers,
telling ourselves we're
doing it for the girls.
It seems like that would
be the easy thing to do.
I just don't think it'd
be the right thing to do.
I don't want our lives to be in limbo.
So that's it?
We can't go back.
I want a number on each
one of them individually.
Then the whole group together.
It's a fire sale. Everything must go.
- All of 'em?
- Yeah.
Oh... not that one.
That's a... that's a gift I gotta return.
Everything else.
You're a damn fool.
I'm a one-handed fool.
I sure as hell don't
need a bunch of guitars
I'll never play again.
- That ain't what the doctor said.
- Yeah, well...
- You weren't listenin'.
- My ears work just fine.
You wanna nag somebody all day,
you need to go get
yourself a new boyfriend.
All right, you wanna get mean?
That's fine. I will get mean.
All my life, I've watched you refuse
to become the man your father was...
An angry, bitter old
drunk. And look at you.
Spittin' image of him, and
you are stone-cold sober.
13 years of sobriety...
What was worth that?
Don't you walk away from me.
You tell me what 13 years of sobriety
was worth throwing away for!
You come up with somethin' real good.
Maddie Conrad is my daughter.
What?
Rayna didn't want to tell
me 'cause I was a drunk,
and she was right.
I didn't deserve to be
a father, so I wasn't.
Now I don't have Rayna,
and I don't have my music.
I got nothin'.
I am nothin'. So you need to let me be.
Please.
I heard them talking.
Dad's moving back out.
So much for your stupid wish
that everything would go
back to the way it was.
So what now?
Now... it's you and me against the world.
- Hey.
-  Hey.
What?
Oh, this whole thing with
Maddie is just a disaster.
I don't know. Maybe I shouldn't
go to this party tonight.
I just wanna deal with these girls.
It is gonna take some time to resolve that.
And you have to go.
You can't let Jeff think he's
got the upper hand in this.
You gotta go in there,
close that deal with Will,
and be done.
Come on.
It's been a real crappy month.
Welcome to open mic night.
Here's Gunnar Scott.
- Thank you, Erica.
-  Yeah!
This is a new song, um,
it's about...
It's about the biggest
heartbreak I ever had.
He told me he was having trouble writing.
I guess he sorted that out.
Breakup's always good for inspiration.
♪ You were headed
♪ for some border town
♪ to find a Spanish rose
♪ and settle down
♪ you hitched a ride
♪ on a southbound
♪ Mexican wind
♪ adios old friend
it's about his brother.
♪ I heard you made it
♪ far as El Paso
♪ those Texas rangers
♪ would not let it go
♪ they tracked you down
♪ on the banks
♪ of the Rio Grande
♪ adios old friend
♪ do angels sing for outlaws?
♪ I don't know
♪ but I know outlaws pray
♪ and I pray
♪ it's so
♪ old friend
And then Juliette
opened up about her father.
Yeah, when you're a kid, you
don't see the bad, you see...
You know, you don't have
to tell your sad story
just to make it to the top.
Everybody in this town
does, 'cause it works.
This just aired, and my single
just hit number one on iTunes.
Well, just be careful.
You know, things like that have a way of
coming back around to bite you in the ass.
Why do you care so much?
It's my heartbreak, not yours.
'Cause we're friends.
Friends.
Yeah.
Aren't we?
Hey, man, that song... way better
than those jingles you
were writing the other day.
You know how many songs I've
written since I've been here?
Two, and they both sucked.
- No, they didn't.
- Yeah, they did.
You hammered that out in one afternoon.
I'm just a performer, but
you are a great songwriter.
Even without Scarlett.
Thanks, man.
♪ where are you headed to?
♪ What did you stand to lose?
♪ I don't think you wanted me to know ♪
I gotta go.
Wh...
Thank you.
Rayna! Hey, hey! I'm so glad you made it.
I wasn't sure I was gonna see you here.
Well, here I am.
Excuse me a second.
- Whoo! What's up, my man?
- Hey, man!
So glad you made it, Will.
Hey. Let me be the first one
to officially welcome
you to edgehill records.
- Thank you.
- Let's go to the bar. Let's get a drink.
Let's do it.
- Hey!
- Nice house.
- It'll do.
- Avery barkley.
- Oh.
So... my single just hit number one
on iTunes a couple hours ago.
Yes, yes. No, I got the
e-mails. Congratulations.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
Hey, I'd love you to meet someone. Layla!
Hey, come here. Layla
Grant. I just signed her.
She just finished second
on "American Hitmaker."
- The reality show.
- Juliette Barnes.
Wow, hi! Um,
this is just so crazy
that I'm here with you.
This has just all been such an insane ride.
- Okay.
- I bet.
From nothin' to Nashville in just 12 weeks.
I know. The show... It
just, it took forever.
But, um, seriously,
so, so nice to meet you.
You, too.
Great, girls. Why don't you go get a drink?
- Uh, I'll catch up, okay.
- Bye.
What, you couldn't get the winner?
I was thinking about what you said earlier,
and most of it is crap.
You do know that, right?
I mean, like the Maddie
and the Rayna thing...
You... you can't do much about that.
But everything about your hand,
that would be on you.
And you don't want to help yourself.
You didn't lose a limb.
Man up. Don't be a coward.
- You okay?
- Mm-hmm.
Just lost half my label,
but doesn't matter.
We're gonna go out and
find somebody better.
- Yeah?
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
- Rayna? Hey.
- Hi.
- I just wanted to say
I'm sorry about how things went down.
Well, you know what? It's business.
And you made the choice
you had to make, so...
And I really appreciated
everything you said to me,
but, uh...
Well, I'm not an artist.
I'm just a guy who's good at
singing other people's songs.
Well, I'm not sure I agree with that.
Just watch your back.
Jeff's shown you his cards.
I do wish you well, though.
I do.
- Well, thank you,
ma'am. - Mm-kay.
Scarlett.
- Hi.
- Hey. What are you doing here?
Well, I came with Juliette.
I didn't know you all were that close.
Oh, no, we... we're just friends.
♪ Something between
us that can't be denied
So, uh, how's Deacon doing?
To be honest with you, I...
I really don't know.
♪ At least for the night
♪ let the stars decide
where this road ends ♪
Hello. Hello. Good evening, everyone.
Uh, thank you. Thank you so
much for joining me tonight.
I just wanna take one minute
and introduce to you...
- Hey.
- Hi.
Edgehill's newest artist,
Layla Grant.
We are so proud of
everything that she actually
has already accomplished.
In fact... 30 minutes ago,
she just claimed the number
one single spot on iTunes.
Bam.
- Take it away, Layla.
- Is that that girl that won
that singing TV show thingy?
She... no. She did not
win. She came in second.
I'm just...
I'm so excited to be here tonight.
I'm gonna do the song
that I did on the show
for you all tonight.
It is a... Juliette Barnes classic.
♪ You lied to me
♪ and now I see
♪ a liar's all
♪ you'll ever be
♪ you let me down
What is she, like 12?
She's 19, actually. The tweens love her.
What an ass.
♪ Yeah, I'm gonna get even
♪ wait and see
♪ you're gonna be so sorry
♪ when I get through
with you, you'll wish ♪
♪ you never had been born
♪ I'm gonna get even
♪ I'll never kiss
♪ your lips again
♪ 'cause now I know
♪ where they have been
You know, I've been making
a lot of changes lately.
♪ Wait and see
♪ you're gonna be so sorry
What are you talking about?
♪ When I get through with you
I'm starting to feel I...
Maybe I don't belong here anymore...
Edgehill.
Come on, Rayna. Don't...
Don't walk away from the label you built
just because Jeff wounded your pride.
That's the thing that comes
before a fall, you know.
♪ I'm gonna get even
I believe it's also what
comes before a victory.
♪ I'm gonna get even
♪ oh
Corrected and synced by
Nantinha ~ www.addic7ed.com ~
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org